Migrates GlobalRoles and GlobalRoleBinding. (#288)
rancher/webhook: pkg/resources/management.cattle.io/v3/globalrolebinding/GlobalRoleBinding.md

### Valid Global Role Reference

GlobalRoleBindings must refer to a valid global role (i.e. an existing `GlobalRole` object in the `management.cattle.io/v3` apiGroup).

### Invalid Fields - Update
Users cannot update the following fields after creation:
- `userName`
- `groupPrincipalName`
- `globalRoleName`

### Invalid Fields - Create
GlobalRoleBindings must have either `userName` or `groupPrincipalName`, but not both.
All RoleTemplates which are referred to in the `inheritedClusterRoles` field must exist and not be locked. 

## Mutation Checks

### On create

> When a GlobalRoleBinding is created an owner reference is attached to the backing GlobalRole defined by `globalRoleName`.

Reviewer: Right now it sounds like the owner ref is on the GlobalRole (not referring to the global role).

```suggestion
When a GlobalRoleBinding is created an owner reference is created on the binding referring to the backing GlobalRole defined by `globalRoleName`.
```
